# CNSA Tiangong 3435
A GURPS adventure set on the CNSAs Tiangong 3435

## Story
![CNSA Tiangong 3435](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dvberkel/CNSA-Tiangong-3435/master/resources/image/miner.png?token=AAeHI6iGfmH6k8Jhp6UzyZMmKFfgOU1-ks5Y9Z-PwA%3D%3D)

The main purpose of the *CNSA Tiangong 3435* is to mine nebula and process the
gases and rare minerals into easily transported form. Being outside the main
trade routes of the Galactic Alliance, life aboard the CNSA Tiangong 3435 can
become a bit repetitive.

The work attracts young people who do a few tours on the Tiangong to make a
quick buck before going to college. They usually welcome any deviation from the
tedium.

So the maintenance crew think they get a stroke of luck when they find
themselves on the outside hull of the ship, repairing of few faulty hatches. The
scanners picked up an unidentified object just a few clicks away.

A short trip on the space skis and the crew finds a strange white-blue orb
floating in space. It has a diameter of approximately 2 meters. The crew is
ordered to take the orb into one of the maintenance docks for examination.

Following protocol the crew is put into quarantine. To preserve rations, they
are put in a cryogenic sleep chamber.

The crew awake to blaring sirens. The emergency lighting is on. They stalk the
abandon corridors. Danger seems to lurk around every corner. They discover other
personnel only to find out that they are turned into a zombie state.

Encountering zombie after zombie, the crew trace the infestation to its source.
In the engine room they find an ancient wizard frantically try to maneuver the
ship into an emerged wormhole.

The wizard is there to ensure the future, or in a sense the past of his planet.
He tells the ancient story that rings a familiar bell in the collective memory
of the crew. The world was a magic-less place, until the seeds of the gods
rained down on the world.

In a vision the wizard saw a distant future where the magic began to wain and
fade until it was but a myth told about in fairy-tales. The wizard was paramount
to stave of this unfortunate event and starting researching age-old artifacts,
rumored to be the fragments of the vessel of the gift of gods. From it the
wizard determined that it was this ship that brought magic into the world.

The crew now stands before a dilemma. Sacrifice themselves and the ship in order
to breath life into their own civilization. Or try to save their own skin and
steer clear from the immense pull of the wormhole.
